<h1>White Paper</h1>
<h7>Published July 21, 2022 Pacific</h7>
<h3>Disclaimer</h3>
<p>
The details in the monoGames project are subject to change and can change at anytime especially when the game is being upgraded. Views expressed by other people connected to monoGames belong solely to the author and not anything to do with monoGames. People are aloud freedom of speech and monoGames cant stop people from free speech. We take no responsibility from being held responsible for damages that happen from anyone, website, bugs, app’s, hackers and who ever wishes to damage this game. We try to implement best practices to reduce this problem and we may implement a monoGames insurance token to mitigate the problem. Past performance of the website, game, app’s, blockchain does not guarantee future performance of any issues like bugs, hacking or what ever may affect our game. We ask for patients until the developers can fix the problem. Were human and Errors and Omissions might happen, if you see any issues please advise monoGames at our discord. We will treat this like a bounty and reward any one that finds any errors and omissions that occur. This is an open source game with a MIT licence at github, fair use does apply. monoGames makes confidentiality its number one priority, any correspondence in emails that occurs between monoGames and players will be treated with strict guidelines to ensure monoGames and players have privacy and confidence to deal with any issues players have. Use at your won risk, it is just a game and if you have any questions please seek legal advice or talk to us at our discord and we would be happy to answer any question pertaining monoGames but we don't give investment advice just assurances that we have a game people can play to earn and use those earnings in game.

<h3>Intro</h3>

monoGames is a blockchain multiplayer NFT game ecosystem with Play2Earn (<a href="https://github.com/369gtech/Alpha-monoGames">Alpha</a>/<a href="https://github.com/369gtech/Beta-monoGames">Beta</a>/<a href="https://github.com/369gtech/Destiny-Of-The-Universe-Game-Prologue">DOU</a>), Interactive Social2Earn (<a href="https://github.com/369gtech/monoGames-Social-Lounge-monoSol-">monoSol</a>/<a href="https://github.com/369gtech/monoGames-Social-Media-monoMedia-">monoMedia</a>) and Interactive Sustainable2Earn (<a href="https://github.com/369gtech/monoGames-Sustainability-monoGreen-">monoGreen</a>). In monoGames you can buy, sell, trade, gift and in some instances rent NFT’s. All NFT holders will be able to play, stake and earn rewards in many ways. It combines a gaming Metaverse experience with Real World Interaction while creating a passive income. monoGames hopes to run on Signum Blockchain but there will initially be 12 blockchains apart of monoGames which includes Signum, Ethereum, Solana, Polkadot, DOGE, Pirate Chain, Dragonchain, Koinos, Hive, Wax, BSC and Zill. All blockchains will be represented as Faction within monoGames, have a token connected to monoGames, teams in Destiny Of The Universe and more. We hope these initial blockchain communities build and strengthen friendships within their respective communities to build, battle, socialize and promote sustainability in blockchain technology. Lets all have fun together by building a sustainable future.

<h3>Play2Earn (<a href="https://github.com/369gtech/Alpha-monoGames">Alpha</a>/<a href="https://github.com/369gtech/Beta-monoGames">Beta</a>/<a href="https://github.com/369gtech/Destiny-Of-The-Universe-Game-Prologue">DOU</a>)</h3>

<a href="https://github.com/369gtech/Alpha-monoGames">Alpha</a> games is where any developer can build games and add them to monoGames but will have some guidelines to follow. <a href="https://github.com/369gtech/Beta-monoGames">Beta</a> are an upgrade version of Alpha monoGames. <a href="https://github.com/369gtech/Destiny-Of-The-Universe-Game-Prologue">DOU</a> aka Destiny Of The Universe is the Flagship Game of monoGames with interactive parts with the social and sustainable aspects of the games. Destiny Of The Universe is where 12 Blockchains face off and battle it out for the supremacy of the universe. This game will be very similar to Splinterlands but the teams you can choose are blockchain teams solely for those Blockchains which include Signum, Ethereum, Solana, Polkadot, DOGE, Pirate Chain, Dragonchain, Koinos, Hive, Wax, BSC and Zill. NFT's will reflect the Dev's and Helpers who have been a real force in their respective blockchains to show our support for the tireless work they put into their Blockchain Communities.

<h3>Interactive Social2Earn (<a href="https://github.com/369gtech/monoGames-Social-Lounge-monoSol-">monoSol</a>/<a href="https://github.com/369gtech/monoGames-Social-Media-monoMedia-">monoMedia</a>)</h3>

The monoGames Social Lounge <a href="https://github.com/369gtech/monoGames-Social-Lounge-monoSol-">(monoSol)</a> is the Social Scene, the heart and soul of monoGames - we feel this will be the next big movement in a gamers user experience to connect with the monoGames Community. This is where all Faction can meet up in the many different ways we can in our normal life. We also want to bring in a new era of land packages which gives you the opportunity to own limited addition lounge rooms to create unique gaming experiences which could include hosting a faction team, a games room where you can chill with other players, conference room for promoting your ideas, a virtual restaurant, movies room, party room, shop, etc. These rooms will be able to be decked out with special in game NFT's created by the monoGames NFT Creative Art Community. We also have <a href="https://github.com/369gtech/Faction-Social-Lounges">Faction Social Lounges</a> which is our second tier social connection which is also an integral part of the heart and soul of monoGames where each Blockchain <a href="https://github.com/369gtech/Faction">Factions</a> has their community based. There is a Social Hierarchy with a Faction Leader, Higher Council Members and Council Members in each Faction. The monoGames Social Media (<a href="https://github.com/369gtech/monoGames-Social-Media-monoMedia-">monoMedia</a>) is the social media platform where you can share your in game experiences while earning rewards. 

<h3>Interactive Sustainable2Earn <a href="https://github.com/369gtech/monoGames-Sustainability-monoGreen-">(monoGreen)</a></h3>

This i where we bring traditional sustainable concepts to monoGames Metaverse and then add interactive components that also connects monoGames Sustainability (monoGreen) to The Real World. If we look at the 3 driving forces that really promote sustainability which includes a stable economy, being environmentally friendly while also looking at the social impacts between the monoGames Metaverse and the Real World with the goal of meeting our needs today while not compromising the sustainability of future gamers. We have a long term plan to keep monoGames Sustainable and you can check our the <a href="https://github.com/369gtech/Tokenomics">Tokenomics</a> for more details. We have a few initiatives we hope to operate in our long term plan which includes partnering with sustainable products and services from The Real World to interact with the monoGames Metaverse. Were looking to team up with Sustainable Energy Companies, Eco-Waste Management, Packaging Companies, Sustainable Products, Sustainable Community Food, etc with a Qcoding Verification System that people could use their products and services and earn monoGames Tokens. If we look at sustainable energy, monoGames might partner with Tesla where Tesla sponsors monoGames and in return monoGames uses Tesla logo's on all our NFT energy devices you need to power up buildings, vehicles, portals, etc. When we add those partnership deals into the game with Sustainable NFT's, placing these Sustainable NFT's earns in game currency, certifications, carbon emission points which can be traded in game and can also be used towards you carbon footprint.

<h3>monoGames NFT's</h3>

<p>NFT's (Non Fungible Tokes) are the heart and soul of our monoGames Metaverse that can connect to The Real World. monoGames NFT's will be for sale on each of the Faction NFT Market Places (Signum, Ethereum, Solana, Polkadot, DOGE, Pirate Chain, Dragonchain, Koinos, Hive, Wax, BSC and Zill.) especially the Signum Market Place. You will need a Faction Wallet to buy these NFT and if your new its really simple to buy these NFT's with Signum just click the <a href="https://www.signumart.io/">Link<a/>, press CREATE and then CONNECT your wallet. Factions that don't have an NFT Market Place will automatically be listed on the <a href="https://www.signumart.io/">Signum Market Place</a>.</p>

There are 9 Types Of Genesis Evolution Packs which include;

<ol>
<li>Destiny Of The Universe Packs "Faction Only" - 9 Cards $3</li>
<li>Destiny Of The Universe Packs "All Factions" - 12 Cards $3</li>
<li>Social Packs "Faction Only" - 9 Cards $3</li>
<li>Social Packs "All Factions" - 12 Cards $3</li>
<li>Sustainable Packs "Faction Only" - 9 Cards $3</li>
<li>Sustainable Packs "All Factions" - 12 Cards $3</li>
<li>monoGames Mega Packs "Faction Only" - 27 Cards $6</li>
<li>monoGames Mega Packs "All Factions" - 30 Cards $6</li>
<li>Mystery monoTomic Gold Pack "All Factions" - 9 Cards $36</li>
</ol>
</p><p>
In these packs could be a common, rare, epic, legendary and also monoTomic Gold. The Rarity Odds of winning a common is 100%, rare is 25%, epic is 15%, legendary is 5% and monoTomic Gold is 1%. You can upgrade NFT's in the Destiny Of The Universe, Social Lounges and in the Sustainability of the game you will need to combine cards which is essentially burning NFT's. The higher the level of your NFT's the more daily rewards you will receive. In most instances every NFT you hold has an earning opportunity once it is staked. Some NFT's will help you improve your social standings to improve your <a href="https://github.com/369gtech/Factions">Faction</a> Status like your monoAvatar NFT and monoAvatar Matrix. So initially there are a lot NFT's but as the game progresses and more people combine cards the more scarce the cards will be in each Faction so the prices for the NFT's should go up over time.  
</p><p>
Personal Land Packages and Diamond Supremacy NFT's are the only NFT's you will need to buy singularly. You can buy the Personal Land Packages in the game. The Diamond Supremacy NFT's are one of a kind series of NFT's for each Faction and only the highest bidder will ever own these NFT because it is always on the market but the highest bidder will be able to use these NFT's as they will have vary rare abilities.
</p><p>
monoGames NFT's are community inspired and are created by the <a href="https://github.com/369gtech/monoGames-NFT-Creative-Art-Community">monoGames NFT Creative Art Community</a>. But in the future we hope to add more special <a href="https://github.com/369gtech/Factions">Faction</a> orientated NFT's like an 
exhibition to show case the history of the Faction Blockchain. But we have so many other ideas to develop and grow our game with NFT's that the sky, the universe or should I say the Metaverse is our oyster to create the future NFT's of monoGames. Also each game in the <a href="https://github.com/369gtech/Alpha-monoGames">Alpha monoGames</a> series of games created by developers may also have packs included in their games too, so refer to those games for their pack sales.
</p>

<h3>NO Bots</h3>

No bots are not allowed in monoGames as this makes the game unfair for real players. If you are suspected of using a bot account you will go into a cool down period and if you are continuing to use your bot account(s) you may be removed and your accounts terminated. 

<h3>Launch Date</h3>

We cant give a precise launch date yet as we are currently building teams to develop monoGames but when we do release the launch date which will start no later then 6/9/2023 we will have all the details in our Road Map. Thank you from the team and stay tuned into monoGames for the latest events and competitions in the lead up to The monoGames Launch.
</p>
